== xl-github - A xyzzy Lisp interface to GitHub API v2

* Home URL: http://miyamuko.s56.xrea.com/xyzzy/xl-github/intro.htm
* Version: 0.0.1


=== SYNOPSIS

  (require "github")

  (gh:list-repos "defunkt")
  (gh:show-repo "defunkt/gist.el")

  (let ((repo (gh:create-repo "my-test-project" :description "My 1st test project.")))
    (gh:update-repo repo :wiki nil :download nil :issue nil))


=== DESCRIPTION

xl-github は {GitHub API v2}[http://develop.github.com/] の xyzzy Lisp バインディングです。
GitHub API v2 のすべての API と Gist の作成・削除・一覧の取得 API を実装しています。


=== INSTALL

1. {NetInstaller}[http://www7a.biglobe.ne.jp/~hat/xyzzy/ni.html]
   で xl-github をインストールします。

2. これはライブラリなのでエンドユーザが何か設定する必要とかはありません。


=== TODO

なし。


=== KNOWN BUGS

なし。

要望やバグは
{GitHub Issues}[http://github.com/miyamuko/xl-github/issues] か
{@miyamuko}[http://twitter.com/home?status=%40miyamuko%20%23xyzzy%20xl-github%3a%20]
まで。


=== AUTHOR

みやむこ かつゆき <mailto:miyamuko@gmail.com>


=== COPYRIGHT

xl-github は MIT/X ライセンスに従って本ソフトウェアを使用、再配布することができます。

  Copyright (c) 2010 MIYAMUKO Katsuyuki.

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
